OK.
Welcome back maistre.
So what is the next step that we need to do.
Well first of all we need to go any place.
We don't have to replace a lot of things but we have to do just a little bit of changes.
OK.
So let's go to our register let's look for register function registered user and see what's going on
here.
We opened this up a little bit be so you can see that we are sending a message with we're registered
the user right here and we're using this send e-mail function that's OK.
I mean you know we're still getting those parameters.
OK.
But as you can see here I don't I don't have a link.
We're not going to get a link if we use it here.
So let me show you what we're getting when we are using this function.
So let's go to our application to see if this works.
This will be working somewhere.
I mean so how right.
Let's come back here let's log in.
I mean let's come here and let's say I forgot my password and faculty come same password taking a little
bit.
I means it's working.
Is resending our password ready.
And as you can see we don't have a link here so we need to create a link.
What's happening is that our mail is being sent without NEHTA mail case being sent as text.
But not only that we don't have a link here either.
OK.
So we create a link.
Let's go ahead and create a link to a quick and ref
Let's come back here and we're just going to close out here.
And let's go to the end of this and see where else we need to put that.
Go ahead and just scape here.
And all of the code
is put one here and scape it and then close it like this.
Simple.
And was as close we can go ahead and say a link here or something like that
this mortgage solution that I got sometimes can be a little daunting at first.
So I'm let's move this cold a little bit.
Let's break it down.
OK.
This is the link here.
And I'm going to close it right here OK.
So that's that's for that.
What else do we need.
Well the headers we can use if you wanted to but we're not going to
let's just close this all that way.
We got a little bit more space.
Let's go to the next one that we are going to be by activating user we have nothing to do here.
So let's look for function and mail and here in the valley on the recovery pass what we need to also
change this one.
OK.
So I'm going to copy my message
colder here as you can see and doing basically the same thing here OK.
Scaping it and we went to the code page and basically which just includes on the e-mail.
OK.
What else do we need.
We need to go to the next one let's go and see.
And I'm looking in my browser my I.D. what I'm doing is a control f.
OK guys so that you know let's go to the next one where we use this function.
So we use in every set as well and you see the set
so we cover a password
validating code.
There's another thing that I wanted to also change here.
Let's go back to Bassal reset now in this Spasso reset we're supposed to not only put evaluation code
to zero where we are supposed to actually make this
active.
OK.
So we need to come back here and put in a coma and say active to 1.
And this is in PP-ASEL Reset Code.
OK.
So go ahead and make sure you do that because if you don't do that your code is not you will now be
activating your user.
OK.
So let's go and check this out real quick.
I'm going to go to man
I'm going to go to Logan and my screen super huge.
There we go.
So I got to user now has a code OK.
We got a validation code that was sent to us but it was sent like this so we need another validation
code.
Let's go back.
Forgot Password and let's do it again courting faculty dot com
and we go let's see if we got the right link this time.
And as you can see the code looks good.
If I click on it it takes me there.
OK.
And now I can go ahead and paste that code here and continue it telling me the validation code is wrong.
So what's going on here.
And we need to actually debug this real quick here.
Let's see what happens with our active guy here.
We're going to refresh and we can see that that person is active.
The validation code was now delete it so what does that mean.
Let's go back to our function and this about Bussel reset.
And he says of the users scape password and it's just make this a little bit radiation called zero active
user 1
It's called back and sorry wrong validation code.
So it's not getting the validation go for some reason
because I did not get the validation code completely.
And we go now one two three and four.
One two three and reset your password has been reset.
Now if find typing my e-mail address.
Come on one two three four and I'm logged in.
So it's working OK.
So let's review what we did real quick.
OK.
So that way you guys are in the same page.
Great.
So I'm going to command F here.
Send e-mail.
Remember to have your configuration set up correctly.
Let's go here.
To the next one.
And make sure that you have your message very well with the write your mail.
OK.
And guys by the way I'm going to include this code in the course so make sure that you download it if
you want.
So what you don't have to write all these down and the reason why put curly brackets guys and I tell
you that many times just because I want to differentiate the variables phone ttes you see if I put
it like this it's very confusing for me.
So I can do that with double quotes of course.
But anyway so that staff this is the recover password function OK.
Let's go to the next function was recoverer password and
register the register user 1 register.
Or are you a user.
So we got really the user registration is validating here
that's going to look for that function.
OK.
So this is where we are validating the use.
I mean rationed the user and we replace this link here with the right link and that's good.
So we're doing good.
So this is recoverer password register user in the next lecture we're going to also face a couple of
things that I need to fix in this application.
I'll see you in the next lecture.
Thank you.